[WHOOSH]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> When I was around 25, I
discovered this place called
Damanhur.
I thought, OK.
Now I understand where all of
the crazy people like me are.
>> It's beyond any
words that we could say.
It gives me the goosebumps
to even think about it.
It's so important.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> There was something going on
there that was beyond any words
that I could possibly explain.
And it was--
[SIGH] it was like I
could breathe again.
In the early 1970s,
a group of people
came together in Northern
Italy in total secrecy
to start creating the temples.
>> What's amazing about Damanhur
is it's formed this group.
They're actually a community.
They've been living it.
>> We really believe that it's
possible to unlock the whole
human potential.
>> In Damanhur, we believe
that there are multiple lines
of reality.
And so imagine that one
of these lines of reality
has led humanity to
destroy our planet,
has led us to a
point of no return.
>> It was important for us to
make something solid, visible,
touchable.
Because otherwise,
it's only theoretical.
We built the temple.
We have the community.
We have people living
there, doing magic
in their daily life.
It's possible.
>> We believe that we can create
a new branch in time whereby
events will go differently and
we will not destroy ourselves
and the planet.
[CHILDREN PLAYING]
>> Damanhur is a federation
of spiritual communities with
about 600 residing
citizens in Northern Italy.
And all together, about
1,200 with those residing
all around the world.
We have our own governing
system, an internal schooling
system, an alternative currency
system, a daily newspaper,
and a health care system.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> The fact that we have in
over 40 years created such
a physical, tangible reality,
all these very concrete,
practical, and yet for
us spiritual and magical
realities.
>> Damanhur was created
to create an anomaly,
an anomaly in time.
We believe that somehow we
are living on a new timeline.
There are many ways
to tell a story,
and the story of
Damanhur can be looked
at from many different angles.
So we chose to use the
form of a comic book
to tell a little more
of a sci-fi story,
like a cosmic chess.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[SINGING]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> The story of Falco
is a complex story,
and has parts and episodes of
his life that sounds really
unbelievable.
One of these episodes
is when he was a child,
this old man came
knocking on his door
and left a chest full
of books for him.
Apparently, Falco
himself from his past
had come to give
to this Falco boy
so that he could read
them again and reacquire
all of his knowledge
and his memories.
As soon as young Falco
was reading the page,
all the writing would disappear,
because this book was not
a book to be studied.
It was a book to
reawaken memories.
So Falco started to become
aware of his vision very young.
And on his path of growth
and constant research,
he started to awaken
many abilities.
>> The things that he was able
to do certainly showed that he
had capabilities beyond
what most humans can't do.
>> For instance,
the ability to heal,
the ability to astral travel,
to retrieve information that was
necessary.
And most of all, the
ability to connect
to higher and higher
forces that showed him
the possibility of creating
a community and temples
so that a new line
of time could start.
Not just, of course, for him
or Damanhur, but for the whole
of humanity.
In his early 20s,
Falco decided that it
was time to find other
people to join forces,
and so he started to give
his first conferences.
And at that time, the paranormal
was a theme of great interest
because we are talking
about the '70s.
And so he was showing
paranormal stuff
to get the attention of people,
but his dream and vision
were not about
being paranormals,
were about awakening.
>> I was born in Florence.
And when I was 21, I
was very independent.
I was having my house, my moto,
my books, my music, my work.
I was quite happy,
but I was feeling
that I was missing something.
I discovered Damanhur
in a TV show.
And in this TV show,
there were these people.
There were so smiling,
enthusiastic, full of--
you know, very
convinced they could
have created this
new society based
on their dreams and
values, and nothing
could have stopped them.
And I say, oh my god.
This is interesting.
I have to go and see.
So I did.
And when I came here, I have
to see, these crazy people,
because they were crazy.
And I still think
we are quite crazy.
[LAUGHS] You know, they
really take my heart.
I was so touched by their
smile, their energy,
their enthusiasm of leading,
of creating something new.
A big, huge dream that
could seem impossible,
and it was not.
So I decided to be
part of this dream.
>> In Damanhur, it was said
that there's no such a thing
as individual enlightenment.
In order to really
create an alternative,
you need a system, a society
in which can have education,
you can have a different
way of eating, different way
of relating, literally
manifesting a different way
of life all together.
Instead of living
like in the cities,
each person separate with
their own little apartment
in a little box, and
that sense of separation,
we value the sense of community
as a way of reawakening
the natural drive that humans
have of being together simply.
And this was actually normal
till some decades ago.
Now in Damanhur, we try
to value solidarity.
>> Damanhur is a
federation of communities.
We believe that human groups
cannot be larger than 200,
220 people to be able to
maintain that individual
connection that is real.
So every time we have a
larger number than this,
we create a new community.
[ENERGETIC MUSIC]
[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]
They live in these
houses called nucleos.
So there might be 20
people in a house.
Different families are
the different people
who have their
separate living spaces,
but they share a community.
They share the dining room.
They eat together.
They share the kitchen.
They cook together.
They share the duties.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> Definitely, my concept
of family is a little bit
different from the normal one.
I was born in one
of Damanhur nucleos.
So I remember growing with
a lot of aunts and uncles
that still today are
very close to me.
>> Although the parents are
always the main reference
point, all the adults of the
community feel responsible with
their example, the
way they behave,
for the education of each child.
We also share
financially the support
of all the children
of a community.
We try to give them the
most love and the most
mind-opening education
they can have.
>> It helped me a lot in
growing up to have a huge sense
of empathy, and very able to
understand the differences
between people.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> And what is really
important in our schools,
we teach to our children
to know themselves.
And when I-- why we think this
is the very important aspect,
because if you know yourselves,
you know its potential,
and you get in touch with the
spiritual side of ourselves.
In Damanhur, everybody
can choose a name, a plant
and an animal name.
>> My name is Baris, and
that means snow leopard
in the Kazakh language.
On my passport, my official
name is Setna Bernini.
Very Italian surname.
I took my animal
name four years ago.
And this is a very
important process for us.
It's part of our
cultural core tradition.
And it's a name
that you can choose,
but you cannot
assign to yourself.
It's a collective process.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> You get in one of their
general meetings and you ask
for your name.
And many things can happen.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]
>> People can make
another suggestion.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]
>> And so many eventually
can end up with a proposal
of a name that is very
different from yours.
Asking for a name is like really
trusting that the others can
see other parts of you.
(CHANTING) Mobula!
Mobula!
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> We have a complementary
currency system,
which is called credito,
that has been created since
the beginning of Damanhur.
>> It's called credito
because it's based on trust,
as if I give you credit.
And it's a beautiful currency.
It's also very artistic.
Each one of these coins
is beautifully created.
It's a currency that
was created years ago
in order to increase the
economic wealth of Damanhur,
allowing the citizen to spend
their euro or their lira
at the time for the benefit
of the community buying homes
that they needed, land, and
creating this currency so
that it could circulate
among the citizens
so that new business
could be created
that could use this credit
or for the interior economy.
What happens is
when creating money
like this, which is an
alternative currency,
it has no connection with
big businesses, weapons, oil,
any kinds of--
all that regular
money is attached to.
It becomes a money
that is spiritually--
it has a spiritual value.
It has a spiritual meaning.
>> We want to really
use a spiritual coin,
a spiritual money in
order to share between us,
because Damanhur is
based on sharing.
It's based on spiritual
and ethical values
at the same time.
So everything has
to have a meaning.
Spirituality in Damanhur is
meant like giving meaning
every day, everything we do.
So we really marry together both
the spiritual idea of the life,
and also the practical things
that we do everyday life.
>> For us in Damanhur, the
connection to nature is very
important.
We have an understanding
of nature as an ecosystem.
Not only physical,
also spiritual.
We believe that the
divine is everywhere,
and that there are
different levels of being
conscious of being divine.
So the divine is also in
the smallest grain of sand.
And if we keep
looking and expanding,
we can meet and find
forces that extend
across time, across dimensions.
And those are the forces
that we call gods.
To create a future
of harmony, we also
really looked at our past.
And we saw that for
thousands of years,
people had been fighting
in name of God or gods.
And so we realized that
it was important to come
to a new understanding
of, what is
the relationship between the
human beings and the gods?
And we understand
that like there
is an ecosystem of the Earth
where everything is alive,
there is also a
spiritual ecosystem.
Everything has the same divine
origin and divine quality,
but not everybody is
aware of being a god.
So we humans have to
awaken to this reality.
And one of the
missions of Damanhur
is also that, to help
people and to activate
that divine presence
in themselves.
>> When you grow up in a system,
you sort of have to accept
the rules.
And that was also how I
was brought up in Denmark.
I always tried to fit in to the
structure of society in Denmark
and to the schools.
And it led to a
general frustration,
and it led to a sort of
seeking that then brought me
to Damanhur.
Living in the Sacred
Forest Temple of Damanhur
has been the huge
transformational process.
I lived there for eight years.
Seven, eight years.
And being integrated in the
way that Damanhur treats nature
and its contact with
nature, coming from a city,
coming from Copenhagen,
a big contrast that
has left a visible mark
on my heart, for sure.
>> I think it's the complicity
of the life force here
in the [ITALIAN] who helped me
to become the better version
of myself.
It is like living
in a spiritual gym.
Everything is moving, and
it moves things in you
at the same time.
So you're constantly
growing yourself
just by being in the woods.
>> This is also shown in the
rituals that we are doing,
ancient rituals that has been
practiced for many thousands
of years on the Earth like the
Equinox and the Solstice that
are all a celebration
of the pulse of nature.
>> Trees are so important,
because we consider them really
as a part of our soul.
The trees are the
antennas with the cosmos.
In our forest, there
miles and miles of mazes
built with colorful stones,
and they recreate energy lines,
the synchronic lines that
flow through the territory
of Damanhur.
Many, many people from
all around the world
come here to walk in our
mazes, to feel the energies,
to connect to the
trees, to celebrate
our union with everything,
with the cosmos through nature.
The stones have different
colors because colors,
they allow us also to stimulate
different areas of our brain
as we walk.
So it's a complete
involvement of all our senses.
We walk.
We use our concentration.
We stimulate our body, our mind.
>> The first question of
Damanhurian people was how we
can connect with the
plant world really.
Music of the plants
is a device that
helps us to hear the
sound of the plants.
And this sound is made
by the electrical signals
made by the plants.
We perceive the movement of
the lymph inside of the plants.
These perception
arrive to the device
and translate these
verses in music.
[SOFT MUSIC]
[DEEP MUSIC]
>> What is interesting is that
it translates the variation
of the plant.
This is why we have it in
the roof and in the leaves,
because that is how you can have
an interaction with the plant.
And this is what I also think
is the most exciting thing
with this device, is that
you can actually have
a conversation with a plant.
So this type of
interaction is for me
really a new field
of communication
with a different species.
I had no idea that this
type of interaction
would be so interesting also,
not only to have a contact
and actually understand
the plant life,
but I think that it's also
an interesting study of how
we also as human
beings can develop
our methods of communication
amongst each other.
Because I really think
that different species,
and especially the plants who
are interconnected underground
and are really like--
they have this
group consciousness,
and I really think
that that is something
that is needed in the
world today also when it
comes to human communication.
And so I think
that is personally
the most interesting part
of the music of the plants.
>> We find that most people
who visit Damanhur appreciate
the fact that here, they
find unity between everyday
and practical life, and
mysticism, spirituality,
and ritual.
[DRUMMING]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> There are different
ways to meditate.
Meditation means to be
not focused on a point,
but to be spread with your
consciousness in many points
at the same time, to be present
to yourself, into your body,
in the present.
Walking and movement,
you are expressing
all your different energies.
And if you follow
some specific lines,
you create an effect on
yourself because the shape
is very important.
>> What I find interesting
here is the different way we
perceive time, how each
knot of the spiral,
each new circuit of the
spiral becomes more in depth
into your own personal growth
and into your own personal
life.
So you come back to the
same point, I think,
in life many, many times.
But instead of seeing that
as linear or feeling that
you're stepping back, but really
fully then integrating the fact
that you're coming to the same
point but with new insights.
So you go deeper and deeper
into yourself and into life.
And this is where, I
think, that you grow.
This is where I feel that
I have grown the most.
My name is Celastrina,
and I've been here
in Damanhur for four years now.
And I came because I was
living in Stockholm in Sweden,
and I wanted to change
my way of living.
And I was interested in
ecological ways of living
and especially in
community ways of living.
And I came to Damanhur
as the first community,
and I completely fell in
love with both the vision
and the practical work that
was done for this vision.
So I really liked the
concept of both dreaming,
but then also realizing it.
[WIND CHIMES]
>> We consider artistic
expression to be one
of the most direct ways to get
in touch with the divine within
each one of us.
The passion of
Damanhurians for the arts
can be seen not only
in Damanhur, but also
in the nearby
village of Vidracco.
The mayor and the administration
of Vidracco are Damanhurians,
and they encourage artists
from all over Italy
to come and share
the works of art
on the walls of every street.
>> Houses are painted with
flowers and animals very big
to help us understand that we
are not the only living beings,
but it's only about perspective.
>> It's this fantastic
artist community.
They really have implemented
art into every aspect
of their society, and they
made artists out of people
that were never artists before.
>> Many Damanhurians, they don't
have any formal or artistic
education before
joining the community.
It was only after
arriving here that they
discovered their talents.
Every single piece of art
you see in the temples
has been created
by a Damanhurian.
The art of glass, requiring
multi-step processes
and complex handwork, is one
of the most celebrated aspects
of our temples.
>> And they really use this
vein of art and beauty as a way
into culture, to really
bring people together.
>> We are now in an art
gallery of Damanhur,
and this is called the
selfic painting gallery.
In Damanhur, we've
been experimenting
with many, many
things that we could
define as border sciences.
Probably the one for
which we're most known
is what we call selfica.
Selfica is the
discipline which makes
it possible to tap
into cosmic forces
through the use of
alchemical inks.
These alchemical inks
are turned into paintings
that are two-dimensional, but
they actually work as portals.
>> I'm very passionate
about selfica,
because it's a way to
connect together the theories
of physics with alchemy and the
ancient tradition that we can
discover all around the world.
Imagine that we can expand
universe and physics--
only say that the
universe or the Big Bang
is an inhale and exhale.
So expansion and contraction.
We are very focused
on the first part
that creates chaos,
entropy, time.
But we are not aware about
the second aspect that
is to put in order everything.
That part is the evolution.
And that's why we use a spiral
in selfica, because instead
of a cycle that is closed,
the circle is open.
Every time you do
around, something change.
You are into a different
position constantly.
We are putting together
a very ancient tradition
with modern theories.
And synchronicity
can be explained
using only a simple spiral.
It's a way to come
back in the same place,
but this is not the same
place, because time changed.
Selfica for us is a way to
express the potential we have
that we are not still
able to express.
>> The Temples of Humankind
are the largest selfica
in the world.
They are 200 tons
of metallic coils.
And this is so that the temples
can be a living antenna,
so they can connect, convey,
transform, and communicate
energies from into the universe.
>> When the small group
of people with the founder
of Damanhur, Falco, started in
1975 to talk about a new way
of life, to create a community,
we started to do a lot
of research, putting together
modern physics with alchemy
and very ancient traditions.
>> The location of
Damanhur is very specific.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> The synchronic lines
are all around the planet.
And inside the synchronic line,
there is the energy of life.
And the synchronic lines
are a sort of highway
to have the entire human being
to reconquer these potentials.
And so there was dreaming
to find the best place
to start a new project,
a place full of energy,
a place full of synchronicity.
They started to travel
all around the world.
They went to Africa.
They went to America,
Northern and South America.
They went to Asia.
So it's a funny story, because
they started from Turin
and they spent four or
five years traveling
all around the world, visiting
a lot of beautiful places.
And they found the best
place 40 miles from Turin.
So they came back.
>> It's on these ley lines.
It's one of the only
places on the planet that
has four intersecting lines.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> This was in the 1970s
when they started this.
The north of Italy is a
very conservative place.
Italy itself is very much still
run by the Catholic Church
and the Vatican.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> In 1978, Falco proposed to
the founder to start excavating
the temples, but he
didn't start saying,
we will create an amazing
underground cathedral.
It just started with a
little room, a little temple,
handmade excavated.
And you know, Falco
was so charismatic
and he was a dreamer, and he
has always taught us to dream,
to dream really high.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> We were working a
lot, the whole night.
We were having different shifts.
And all of us who were working
in different days of the week,
you know?
It was on Tuesday and
Friday, and so on.
And when the first
temple was done,
he said, OK, we
can go a little bit
down with the floor, a little
bit upward on the ceiling.
And so it became bigger
and bigger and bigger.
And this was going on
for 15 years and a half.
>> When they first built
it, they built it in secret,
as a secret society.
They just didn't want
to get it shut down.
>> We could not have a building
permit because there was no
authority to which we
could go to say, hey,
we want to build an underground
temple inside a mountain.
Please give us a permit.
They all thought we were
crazy, so we did it anyway.
And we figured, OK.
We're in Italy.
At a certain point,
we'll find a solution.
>> They wanted to be able to
protect this thing that they
were growing.
They didn't want the
Vatican to shut them down.
police to shut them down.
They didn't want
the neighboring town
who already thought
this might be
something woo-woo to come in
and stop what they were doing.
Even a lot of the
Damanhurians didn't know.
Only the ones that were
working on the temples knew.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> So in the early 1990s,
the fear came true.
They had the Italian police
show up at their door,
demanding to see the temples.
And the police, they had no idea
what they were going to find.
They thought they
might have guns.
They thought there was
something really nasty
going on here with this
cult in the north of Italy.
>> They came, they
had explosives.
They wanted to
destroy the temples.
The head of the police
was convinced of something
not very nice was
happening here,
and he thought that by
discovering the temples,
that was it.
>> And so Falco had a
choice in that moment.
You have armed guards
showing up with machine guns,
demanding to see this thing.
And so instead of
refusing and pretending
like it didn't exist, Falco
instead said, you know what?
All the police,
everyone comes with me.
I'm going to take them
in there by myself.
And he went into the temples
and he revealed this thing
that they'd been building.
>> When the head of the police
came out of the temples,
he was in tears.
Very moved.
And he said, I'm so sorry.
I had not understood at
all what you were about.
>> Instead of wanting
to shut it down,
they were so in awe of
what this thing was,
and they just couldn't believe
that they thought they were
going to find guns.
And instead, they found this
work of art that was beautiful.
>> And he said, so from now
on, I'll do everything I can
to help you keep the temples
and bring this message
to the world.
>> They then got all the
support to bring it up to code
and to make it a lasting thing
for the future of humanity.
>> So Falco was a common human,
but he had some skills that
were a little bit higher
for a common human.
Falco wanted to build up another
reality, a communitary way
of living where we could
express the magic in daily life.
In Damanhur, we do a lot
of studies and research
about what we can call magic
possibilities that every human
has, but we in a way forgot.
Most of humanity cannot reach
all this knowledge and cannot
express this power.
>> The special powers that Falco
had are the powers that every
human being has.
And so over the
years in Damanhur,
we have developed seminars,
schools, and experiences
for people that want
to awaken those powers,
those faculties, because
they are important.
It is important
that each one of us
becomes the best
version of ourselves.
We have a school for healing.
We have a school for alchemy.
We have seminars that
teach people how to dream,
how to move beyond the veils
of the different dimensions.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> Damanhur for me is a
laboratory to need experiments,
experiments not only in
theory, but also in practice.
And here, Damanhur has
a unique contribution,
because here people put into
practice what they think.
They dream, but they
don't only dream.
They also wake up and they act.
>> This path of awakening
is not an easy one.
And we can see that there are
moments in which we feel closer
and closer to the light
and others in which things
seem to go much worse.
And this is because the outcome
is not to be taken for granted.
We are not sure.
We hope and we keep our
hope, but we are in a battle.
We are in a battle
for awakening.
There are forces that are
not in favor of humans
becoming fully aware
of their divine nature.
They are not in favor of
us becoming gods again.
And so we have to really put
all of our efforts into this,
and we have to do this together.
>> Why I am here, I am
not totally sure yet.
But how I got here, I know.
I was in Iceland, and my
friend called me and said,
there's an interesting
man coming from Italy.
He lives in a community,
and you should come.
And I came.
And we did a dynamic,
like, astral travel.
And that showed a very
important vision for me
that would guide me a lot
in my period that will come.
Then I started to see
everything in Italy.
Like, I was drinking a glass of
water that was made in Italy.
I was using a tool
that was made in Italy.
I turned on the TV, it
was something about Italy.
On the radio,
everywhere was Italy.
And then my brother,
without knowing
that I was thinking
about Italy, gave me
a flight ticket to Italy.
So I followed all of the
signs and I packed my bag,
and I went to
Italy, to Damanhur.
And everything went
very well, and it
was a place for me to stay.
After this, I feel like
I have to be in Italy.
Damanhur was calling me, and
I had to follow that call.
>> So science is explaining
to us that time is really
a dimension.
So it's not a line
that we normally
think that we go from
the past to the future.
But from a certain point
of view, all the variables,
the possibilities
are all present.
So think of this.
Think maybe events for a
certain time in the future
have already happened.
And maybe these
events did not bring
to a good result for humanity.
Maybe humanity was destroyed.
Then maybe you can
think, well, what
if we could create
a different line so
that we create new events?
You find this in all
the old prophecies.
The calendar is ending,
but what they were saying
was a timeline is ending.
Something new is coming.
So one of the
missions of Damanhur
is to nurture and
support the creation
on a new timeline, a
line of time on which we
can get to a future of harmony.
As we can all see by
reading the papers
and see what happens in the
world, we are not safe yet.
We are not stable
on the new timeline.
There is constant fluctuation.
So it is very important that
everyone come to the temples,
because these are
spiritual activators
to make everyone
stronger, more powerful
in becoming an agent of change.
[SINGING]
>> We believe to be inside time.
So for us, time is
like a container
and we are swimming into
this water, the time.
But there is another
perspective too.
Time is the effect
of perception.
So perceiving, looking, using
our senses, we create time.
It's completely a
different paradigm.
It means that the reality
we are experiencing
is the effect of
what we believe.
Instead of a reality
that is already created,
we are constantly creating
the reality we want.
So we can choose to
create reality we like.
Adding art, adding beauty,
adding a new kind of relation
between people, creating a new
culture that is what we want
and what we like is a way
to shape another time.
So that's the
meaning of Damanhur,
of the community, to
co-create something together,
an idea that grows
because the dream is not
the dream of one person,
but is a dream of a group.
It's a bigger dream.
[SINGING]
>> One of the big messages
is we have to come together
as a people to be able to create
a timeline where humanity can
stay in existence.
>> We have a dream of helping
humankind in the future,
and we are an experiment of
a better future with social
connection to the plants, to the
crystals, and to the animals.
And we really have a
dream deep inside of us,
and we want to make
this dream come true.
>> The temples to me
are an experience.
There is something that
happens that you can't say,
because it is felt so
deeply within the self.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
[SOFT MUSIC]
[SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> When we see
something beautiful,
we naturally open up.
So the temples themselves
are practical chambers
by which people can step into.
They put down their
limiting beliefs
because they see
something beautiful,
and then they immerse
in that experience
enough to transform in
their own consciousness
and ultimately in their
own physical body.
>> Because we live in a very
modern society that is very
fast, that is pushing us
to be faster and faster,
we lose this awareness.
So self or a temple can help
us to reset and come back
to the present.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> It's important to create
magnets that attract the new
frequencies that are coming in.
The Temples of Humankind
are one of these magnets.
It's a container
for new frequencies
that can help humanity finally
have an alliance with all
the different spiritual levels.
>> People often believe we
are separate from each other
and from nature, but what
if the opposite is true?
What if we are, in fact,
completely interdependent, able
to harness powers we
haven't even dreamed of?
>> Because what is really
important we feel is always
to help each one of
us ask new questions.
Many people live their
lives looking for answers.
We believe we all have
the answers inside.
We're divine beings.
What we need is to find
the key, and the key
is in the questions.
>> So Damanhur wants to show
that it's possible to make
different decisions, that it's
possible to create a society
according to a dream.
>> A dream is a dream
until you have done it,
and the temple is the example.
>> People don't always
believe it's all real,
but going into the temple,
the feelings you have that you
can't deny.
>> I don't like to say that
anything is or is not--
is true or it's not true.
There's no such thing as that.
It's an idea or a
concept we're presenting
that if enough
people get behind it,
we can manifest
anything into reality.
And so Damanhur just happens
to be the manifestation
of Falco's vision
into a community
of people that work together.
They're an anchor
point for the planet.
>> There's so much more
than what we're offered with
our physical senses, and I
wouldn't have known that if I
hadn't gone to Damanhur.
Damanhur opens the doors.
It's up to us to walk through.
[MUSIC PLAYING]